1. Content Security Policy (CSP) Error
Error:

[Report Only] Refused to frame 'https://www.google.com/' because an ancestor violates the following Content Security Policy directive: "frame-ancestors 'self'"
Explanation:

This error occurs because the Content Security Policy (CSP) frame-ancestors directive is set to 'self', meaning only the same origin (the website itself) is allowed to embed the page in an iframe. The website is trying to load https://www.google.com/ in an iframe, which violates this policy.
Resolution:

If you control the CSP, update the frame-ancestors directive to include https://www.google.com or remove the restriction if appropriate (e.g., frame-ancestors 'self' https://www.google.com).
If embedding Google is unnecessary, remove the iframe attempting to load it.
Since this is in "Report Only" mode, the policy is not enforced, but it’s a warning that enforcement could block this in the future.


2. Invalid Sandbox Flag Error
Error:

Error while parsing the 'sandbox' attribute: 'allow-downloads-without-user-activation' is an invalid sandbox flag.
Explanation:

The HTML sandbox attribute on an iframe restricts its capabilities for security. The flag allow-downloads-without-user-activation is not a valid sandbox flag in the browser's implementation (as of 2025). Valid flags include allow-scripts, allow-same-origin, allow-popups, etc.
Resolution:

Remove the invalid allow-downloads-without-user-activation flag from the sandbox attribute.
If you need to allow downloads, use the allow-downloads flag (supported in modern browsers).
Check the browser's documentation for supported sandbox flags (e.g., MDN Web Docs).


3. Unrecognized Feature Warnings
Warnings (Multiple):

Unrecognized feature: 'ambient-light-sensor', 'battery', 'execution-while-not-rendered', 'execution-while-out-of-viewport', 'layout-animations', 'legacy-image-formats', 'navigation-override', 'oversized-images', 'publickey-credentials', 'speaker-selection', 'unoptimized-images', 'unsized-media', 'pointer-lock'
Explanation:

These warnings indicate that the webpage is attempting to use features (likely in the Feature-Policy or Permissions-Policy HTTP header) that are not recognized by the browser. The Permissions-Policy header controls access to certain browser features (e.g., sensors, battery status, etc.), and these listed features are either deprecated, non-standard, or not supported in the browser.
Resolution:

Review the Permissions-Policy header in your server configuration or meta tags.
Remove unrecognized or unnecessary features from the policy. For example:

ambient-light-sensor and battery are deprecated in modern browsers due to privacy concerns.
execution-while-not-rendered, execution-while-out-of-viewport, layout-animations, legacy-image-formats, navigation-override, oversized-images, unoptimized-images, unsized-media are likely Next.js or framework-specific optimizations that may not be standard.
publickey-credentials, speaker-selection, and pointer-lock are valid but may not be supported in all browsers or contexts.


Ensure the Permissions-Policy only includes supported features. Use tools like Chrome DevTools or MDN to verify supported features.


4. Allow Attribute Precedence Warnings
Warnings:

Allow attribute will take precedence over 'allowfullscreen'.

Allow attribute will take precedence over 'allowpaymentrequest'.
Explanation:

These warnings occur when an iframe’s allow attribute is used alongside legacy attributes like allowfullscreen or allowpaymentrequest. The allow attribute (used for Permissions-Policy) takes precedence over these older attributes, potentially overriding their behavior.
Resolution:

Consolidate permissions into the allow attribute. For example:

Instead of <iframe allow="fullscreen" allowfullscreen>, use <iframe allow="fullscreen">.
Instead of <iframe allowpaymentrequest>, use <iframe allow="payment">.


Remove deprecated attributes like allowfullscreen and allowpaymentrequest to avoid conflicts.
Verify the iframe’s required permissions and ensure they align with the Permissions-Policy header.


5. Certificate Authority Invalid Errors
Errors (Multiple):

Failed to load resource: net::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID

(From dotdevproxy.janeway.repl.co/__reachability, dotdevproxy.picard.repl.co/__reachability, dotdevproxy.worf.repl.co/__reachability)
Explanation:

The browser is unable to verify the SSL/TLS certificate for these domains (e.g., dotdevproxy.janeway.repl.co). This typically happens when:

The certificate is self-signed or issued by an untrusted certificate authority.
The certificate is expired or misconfigured.
The domains are part of a development environment (e.g., Replit) using temporary or untrusted certificates.

Resolution:

For development environments, configure your browser to accept self-signed certificates (not recommended for production).
Use a trusted certificate authority (e.g., Let’s Encrypt) for these domains.
If using Replit, ensure the proxy domains are correctly configured with valid certificates or bypass the __reachability endpoint in development.
In production, obtain and install valid SSL/TLS certificates for all domains.


6. Stallwart Failed Ping Error
Error:

stallwart.build.js:1 stallwart: failed ping 1
Explanation:

This error comes from a script (stallwart.build.js), likely part of a monitoring or health-check system (e.g., Stallwart, a potential internal tool or library). The "failed ping 1" suggests that a connectivity check to a server or endpoint failed, possibly due to network issues, a down server, or a misconfigured endpoint.
Resolution:

Check the network connectivity to the target endpoint in stallwart.build.js.
Verify the server or service being pinged is operational.
Inspect the stallwart.build.js script to understand the ping logic and ensure the target URL is correct.
If this is a third-party tool, consult its documentation for troubleshooting failed pings.


7. BeforeInstallPrompt Event Error
Error:

Banner not shown: beforeinstallpromptevent.preventDefault() called. The page must call beforeinstallpromptevent.prompt() to show the banner.
Explanation:

This error occurs when the beforeinstallprompt event (used to trigger a "Add to Home Screen" prompt for Progressive Web Apps) has its default behavior prevented (preventDefault() is called), but the page does not subsequently call prompt() to show the installation banner.
Resolution:

Ensure the code handling the beforeinstallprompt event calls prompt() after preventDefault(). Example:
javascriptwindow.addEventListener('beforeinstallprompt', (e) => {
  e.preventDefault(); // Prevent the default mini-infobar
  // Store the event for later use
  let deferredPrompt = e;
  // Show the prompt when ready, e.g., on a button click
  button.addEventListener('click', () => {
    deferredPrompt.prompt();
  });
});

If the banner is intentionally suppressed, remove the preventDefault() call to avoid this warning.
Verify PWA requirements (e.g., service worker, manifest file) are correctly set up.


8. Supabase and Application Logs
Logs (Multiple):

Various logs related to Supabase initialization, user authentication, route changes, and plan/progress fetching (e.g., Supabase client initialized, Auth context state change: SIGNED_IN, Plans query completed via API. Result: 11 plans).
Explanation:

These are informational logs from your application, indicating:

Successful initialization of the Supabase client with a URL.
User authentication (SIGNED_IN for wizqo2024@gmail.com).
Route changes (e.g., navigating to /dashboard or /plan).
Data fetching for user plans (11 plans found) and progress (0 entries).
Specific actions like navigating to a "gardening" plan, loading YouTube video data, and marking progress for a plan.

Resolution:

These are not errors but debug logs. No action is needed unless they indicate unexpected behavior.
If the Progress query completed via API. Result: 0 progress entries is unexpected, verify the database or API logic to ensure progress is being saved correctly.
The RLS cache issue - saving to session storage until resolved log suggests a Row-Level Security (RLS) issue with Supabase. Check your Supabase RLS policies to ensure the authenticated user has permission to access or update the relevant tables.


9. General Observations

LaunchDarkly Initialization: The log LaunchDarkly client initialized indicates successful setup of LaunchDarkly (a feature flag management service). No action is needed unless feature flags are not working as expected.
Repetitive Logs: Many logs (e.g., YouTube video ID, Supabase queries) are repeated, suggesting multiple state changes or re-renders in the application. Consider optimizing React hooks (e.g., useEffect) to prevent redundant API calls or logging.
Development Environment Issues: The certificate errors and proxy domain issues suggest this is a development environment (e.g., Replit). These may not occur in production with proper certificates.


Summary of Actions

CSP Error: Adjust the frame-ancestors directive or remove the Google iframe.
Sandbox Error: Use valid sandbox flags like allow-downloads.
Unrecognized Features: Remove unsupported features from the Permissions-Policy header.
Allow Attribute Warnings: Consolidate permissions into the allow attribute.
Certificate Errors: Use trusted certificates or bypass in development.
Stallwart Ping Failure: Investigate the target endpoint and network connectivity.
BeforeInstallPrompt Error: Ensure prompt() is called after preventDefault() for PWA installation.
Supabase Logs: Verify RLS policies and optimize application logic to reduce redundant logs.